Rework keymap_extras docs (#13949)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/reference_keymap_extras.md

# Language-specific Keycodes

> Keyboards are able to support a wide range of languages. However, this support is not actually achieved within the keyboard itself - instead, it sends numerical codes, which the operating system maps to the appropriate characters based on the user's configured keyboard layout. For example, when a Swedish person presses the key with the `å` character printed on it, the keyboard is *actually* sending the keycode for `[`.

Reviewer: really, it's not, though.  It's sending a number.  And the host system then interprets that based on the keyboard layout mapping that it uses.  No "character" is really sent. 

And QMK/tmk/etc assumes US English as the default layout.

> Keyboards are able to support a wide range of languages. However, this support is not actually achieved within the keyboard itself - instead, it sends numerical codes, which the operating system maps to the appropriate characters based on the user's configured keyboard layout. For example, when a Swedish person presses the key with the `å` character printed on it, the keyboard is *actually* sending the keycode for `[`.

Author: ```suggestion
Keyboards are able to support a wide range of languages. However, this support is not actually achieved within the keyboard itself - instead, it sends numerical codes, which the operating system maps to the appropriate characters depending on the user's configured keyboard layout. By default (and per the HID spec), this is the US ANSI layout. For example, when a Swedish person presses the key with the `å` character printed on it, the keyboard is *actually* sending the keycode for `[`.
```
?
